Now the quickest way to build any idea or generate any idea is sketching.
You always need a pen and a pencil or a pencil with a paper.
And that is the most easiest and most cost effective and time less time taking procedure of generating
ideas.
So once we have decided that these are the things our customers or our users or our personas need we
already have identified what are their needs and things like that.
We already have defined the categories of their information architecture.
We are going to quickly sketch out the layout of the information.
So what will be present at that door.
What will be present in the middle of the page.
What will be at the bottom of the page.
And we are going to prioritize information hierarchy on the page so sketching is actually going to be
an exercise you can include your developers you can include your stakeholders your CEOs whatever you
can all gather them around and give them papers to sketch.
Now here are the things you are going to keep in mind while you are doing this ideation exercise.
It is a collaborative effort.
You are going to include two or three or four people around you from your team to do the ideation.
So try to give them a limit that we have 30 minutes to do six sketches whatever comes up to your mind
just tried using whatever information we are going to present.
So they all have the idea of the personas and the things they must have gone through all the things
so they can generate different ideas.
So the sketches should be rough.
You are not going to you know make them pixel perfect or draw them using a ruler or a pencil.
So just at least create two to three ideas minimum so give everyone a task that you should create two
to three ideas.
You can also do this exercise in a user interview or a stake holder interview so to get the idea of
the user what is in their head or to get the idea of the stakeholders works in their head.
You can also use this at the design stage where you are going to start your design.
So this is just a technique you can use it anywhere in your design and user experience design process.
Here are a few example of the sketches your stakeholders might have said something like this like you
can see over here which only you can understand when they are trying they might explain it to you.
You can tell them what is this.
Explain it to me to get more ideas.
You can also highlight different sections and label them that this is going to do this.
This is going to do this but it should be readable at least and understandable by anyone who is looking
at them.
So try to create a sketch which is easily recognizable easily tell the story what it is what is happening
in this sketch and here are a few more you can see.
This is a bit more detailed.
It shows videos music and things like that.
Then we have this one.
So these are different examples.
I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.